Copy edits to client session docs (#229)
seamapi/api-docs: docs/api-clients/client-sessions/README.md

# Client Sessions

> If you want to restrict your users' access to their own devices, use Client Sessions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to restrict your users' access to their own devices, use client sessions.
```

The `client_session` object represents a client session.

> Each client session is created with a custom `user_identifier_key`.
> Normally, this would be a user id provided by your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You create each client session with a custom `user_identifier_key`.
Normally, the `user_identifier_key` is a user ID that your application provides.
```

Reviewer: A bit of support for "ID" vs. "id": https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/developer-content/reference-documentation#:~:text=UserName%0AOptional.%20A%20String%20value%20that%20contains%20the%20user%20ID%20that%2C%20if%20needed%2C%20authorizes%20access%20to%20Destination.

> When calling the Seam API from your backend using an API key,

Author: ```suggestion
When calling the Seam API from your server using an API key,
```

> When calling the Seam API from your backend using an API key,
> the `user_identifier_key` may be passed as a parameter to limit results to the associated client session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When calling the Seam API from your back end using an API key,
you can pass the `user_identifier_key` as a parameter to limit results to the associated client session.
```

> For example, `/devices/list?user_identifier_key=123` would only return devices owned by
> the client session created with the `user_identifier_key` 123.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, `/devices/list?user_identifier_key=123` only returns devices associated with the client session created with the `user_identifier_key` `123`.
```

> A client session has a token that may be used with the Seam JavaScript SDK to make requests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A client session has a token that you can use with the Seam JavaScript SDK to make requests
```

* [List client sessions](list-client-sessions.md)
* [Get a client session](get-a-client-session.md)
* [Delete a client session](delete-a-client-session.md)

> ## Example: Use Client Sessions on the backend to limit your users to their own devices

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Example: Use Client Sessions on the Back End to Limit Your Users to Their Own Devices

The code in this example performs the following steps:
```

> ## Example: Use Client Sessions on the backend to limit your users to their own devices

Author: This guide doens't use tokens though 🤔

> ## Example: Use Client Sessions on the backend to limit your users to their own devices

Author: Yes, this example shows how to use a client session ONLY on the backend to filter and manage resources via the user_identifer_key connected to the client session.

> 1. Create a client session for a new user using your internal user id (`user_identifier_key`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a client session for a new user using your internal user ID (`user_identifier_key`).
```

> 2. [Create a Connect Webview](../../api-clients/connect-webviews/create-a-connect-webview.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create a [Connect Webview](../../core-concepts/connect-webviews).
```

> 3. Link the connect webview to the client session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Link the Connect Webview to the client session.
```

Author: I thought we are preferring lowercase, e.g., as suggested here https://github.com/seamapi/api-docs/pull/229/files?diff=unified&w=0#r1439691904

> 4. Redirect the user to the connect webview url so they may login and connect their account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Redirect the user to the Connect Webview URL so that they can log in and connect their account.
```

Author: ```suggestion
4. Redirect the user to the connect webview URL so that they can log in and connect their account.
```

> 5. Use the `user_identifier_key` parameter to manage the users own devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Use the `user_identifier_key` parameter to manage the user's own devices.
```

{% tabs %}
{% tab title="JavaScript" %}

```javascript

> const seam = new Seam("YOUR_API_KEY")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const seam = new Seam("API_KEY")
```

Author: Just following existing examples here.

Should we just do a seperate  PR to blanket find/replace `YOUR_API_KEY` => `API_KEY`?
<img width="1101" alt="image" src="https://github.com/seamapi/api-docs/assets/721372/5b96683f-2b8f-46e1-94c6-52ec8e98db35">

Author: Ok, I'm going to keep this one consistent with all of the other JS sdk examples then for now.

> // Create a client session using your own user id as the user_identifier_key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Create a client session using your internal user ID as the user_identifier_key.
```

const user_identifier_key = "user-123"

// Create the client session.
const client_session = await seam.clientSessions.create({
  user_identifier_key
})

// Create a Connect Webview.
const connect_webview = await seam.connectWebviews.create()

> // Link the connect webview to the client session

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Link the Connect Webview to the client session.
```

Author: ```suggestion
// Link the connect webview to the client session.
```

await seam.clientSessions.grant_access({
  user_identifier_key,
  connect_webview_ids: [connect_webview.connect_webview_id],
})

> // Redirect the user to the connect webview.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Redirect the user to the Connect Webview.
```

Author: https://github.com/seamapi/api-docs/pull/229/files?diff=unified&w=0#r1439914875

res.redirect(connect_webview.url)

> // In one of your application views, return a list of devices to your user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// In one of your application views, return a list of devices to your user.
```

const devices = await seam.devices.list({
  user_identifier_key,
  name: "Front Door",
})

res.send(renderDevicePageHtml(res, { devices }))

> // Handle application request to unlock a door

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Handle the application request to unlock a door.
```

    user_identifier_key: 'internal user ID 1',
    created_at: '2023-12-26T04:23:46.829Z',
    client_session_id: 'c75d4330-ae01-4dfd-b6c5-f3e94e0d8168',
    user_identity_ids: [],
    third_party_account_ids: [
      '3ea0b67f-649f-4131-bfe3-f2035e77a3f9',
      '6e1cad57-b244-40ca-b4f3-30a46c8000d4'
    ],
    connect_webview_ids: [],
    device_count: 4,
    connected_account_ids: [
      '3ea0b67f-649f-4131-bfe3-f2035e77a3f9',
      '6e1cad57-b244-40ca-b4f3-30a46c8000d4'
    ]
  },
  {
    workspace_id: '398d80b7-3f96-47c2-b85a-6f8ba21d07be',
    token: 'seam_cst1891oqCmE_6dBwV8PJ2Ffoe9dWYVyMfVHq',
    user_identifier_key: 'internal user ID 2',
    created_at: '2023-12-26T04:25:50.041Z',
    client_session_id: 'e1006128-19a8-4e4d-9a91-536d80cf9c21',
    user_identity_ids: [],
    third_party_account_ids: [
      '2e884e71-b2c1-41a0-bb2c-ec94a7b4c6a4',
      'b0ccf472-cb63-400c-bf21-5b809f5e1afd'
    ],
    connect_webview_ids: [],
    device_count: 4,
    connected_account_ids: [
      '2e884e71-b2c1-41a0-bb2c-ec94a7b4c6a4',
      'b0ccf472-cb63-400c-bf21-5b809f5e1afd'
    ]
  },
  ...
]
```
{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

***

> ## Get a Client Session
> 
> To [get a specific client session](../../api-clients/client-sessions/get-a-client-session.md), provide the client session ID (`client_session_id`).
> 
> {% tabs %}
> {% tab title="JavaScript" %}
> **Request:**
> 
> ```javascript
> const client_session_id = "c75d4330-ae01-4dfd-b6c5-f3e94e0d8168"
> console.log(await seam.clientSessions.get(client_session_id))
> ```
> 
> **Response:**
> 
> ```json
> {
>   workspace_id: '398d80b7-3f96-47c2-b85a-6f8ba21d07be',
>   token: 'seam_cst1271Q3JUh_A3ECdSrrqgYp98SmB9qY2NGp',
>   user_identifier_key: 'internal user ID 1',
>   created_at: '2023-12-26T04:23:46.829Z',
>   client_session_id: 'c75d4330-ae01-4dfd-b6c5-f3e94e0d8168',
>   device_count: 4,
>   connected_account_ids: [
>     '3ea0b67f-649f-4131-bfe3-f2035e77a3f9',
>     '6e1cad57-b244-40ca-b4f3-30a46c8000d4'
>   ],
>   connect_webview_ids: [],
>   user_identity_ids: []
> }
> ```
> {% endtab %}
> {% endtabs %}
> 
> ***
> 
> ## Delete a Client Session
> 
> To [delete a client session](../../api-clients/client-sessions/delete-a-client-session.md), provide the client session ID (`client_session_id`).
> 
> {% tabs %}
> {% tab title="JavaScript" %}
> **Request:**
> 
> ```javascript
> const client_session_id = "639eb8af-19a9-4ae5-817c-6ad08fd078e7"
> console.log(await seam.clientSessions.delete({
>   client_session_id: client_session_id
> }))
> ```
> 
> **Response:**
> 
> ```json
> { ok: true }
> ```
> {% endtab %}
> {% endtabs %}
> 
> ***

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
